[WIP] Add tutorial (#1262)
collective/icalendar: CHANGES.rst

- Add Repology badge and distribution installation instructions to install documentation. :issue:`1119`
- Convert docstrings in ``attr.py`` and ``cal/calendar.py`` to Google Style format. See :issue:`1072`.

> - Add tutorial on creating events with attendees. :pr:`1262`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added tutorial for creating a calendar with events with attendees. :pr:`1262`.
```
